[Vectorize] Fix pricing documentation for Vectorize (#17422)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/vectorize/platform/pricing.mdx

| Experiment | 384                   | 5,000 vectors     | 10,000            | `((10000+5000)*384*(0.01/1000000))      + (5000*384*(0.05/100000000))`    | $0.06 / mo <sup>included</sup> |
| Scaling    | 768                   | 25,000 vectors    | 50,000            | `((50000+25000)*768*(0.01/1000000))     + (25000*768*(0.05/100000000))`   | $0.59 / mo <sup>partial</sup>  |
| Production | 768                   | 50,000 vectors    | 200,000           | `((200000+50000)*768*(0.01/1000000))    + (50000*768*(0.05/100000000))`   | $1.94 / mo                     |
| Large      | 768                   | 250,000 vectors   | 500,000           | `((500000+250000)*768*(0.01/1000000))   + (250000*768*(0.05/100000000))`  | $5.86 / mo                     |
| XL         | 1536                  | 500,000 vectors   | 1,000,000         | `((1000000+500000)*1536*(0.01/1000000)) + (500000*1536*(0.05/100000000))` | $23.42 / mo                    |

<sup>included</sup> All of this usage would fall into the Vectorize usage
included in the Workers Free or Paid plan.

> <sup>partial</sup> Part of this usage would fall into the Vectorize usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>most</sup> Most of this usage would fall into the Vectorize usage included in the Workers Paid plan.
```

Reviewer: based on the $ value less then 10 cents will be additional cost for Workers Paid.
